How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

    by highlighting variations in the strings

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

    Keep track of modifications as well as recalling actual solutions adopted when, for example, reporting on the features of the code 

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

    pros are that it avoids cluttering the repository with versions due to minor changes, e.g. corrections in commenting lines; cons are that one needs discipline in committing changes systematically when required. In addition automated version control tools ar not designed for program development.

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

    I assume Git is designed for the professional / skilled programmers that require working on several prohects / strands of projects at the same time, while Docs is meant for occasional users 

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

    To spot modifications between versions, their timing and thei author. Implicitly to check the progress of my work and the amount of time spent in each session. 

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

    I mostly made versioned copies of my work and so I tended to be quite free with changes already, but it was unsystematic and i had sometimes problem to identify mistakes i made in changing the files. Git should help there.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

    R package development.

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

Because git makes possible to compare variations that affects multiple files (linked files)